Minor tweaks & en-us spellcheck (#45)
quantcdn/docs: docs/dashboard/alerts.md

Site-wide alerts allow you to add a site-wide banner at the top of every page.

> This can be useful when using Quant as a fail-over solution, or for any other reason you need to inject a quick alert message site-wide without the need to re-seed all site content.

Author: ```suggestion
This can be useful when using Quant as a failover solution, or for any other reason you need to inject a quick alert message site-wide without the need to re-seed all site content.
```
